Clay was working out in the field, the little community garden by the wayfarers inn. He liked being out here, enjoying the sun and feeling dirt between his fingers. Using his strength for something other than cleaving heads from necks.

He looked up to wipe the sweat off his brow, to see what was up - and he was shocked to see someone he knew watching.

"Tia! You're back!" He dropped his tools, and lept up at a run towards her, his arms outstreched for a hug. She looked unsure, and took a step back. As he slowed his pace, a child with the same bright golden locks peeked out from hiding behind her dress. "You're not Tia." Clay's smile dropped, only momentarily.

"No, I'm not," she giggled slightly, the removed a white glove from her right hand, offering it for a handshake. "I'm her sister. Penelope. <NAME??>. I presume you're Clay?" 

Slightly dazed, Clay took her hand and shook it lightly. It was soft. Fragile. "Yeah.."

"She had a lot of good things to say about you. In the letters." Penelope looked up briefly at the sky. Turning to the child, Penelope took her hand "Say hi, Frida. This is Uncle - you don't mind being an Uncle, do you? Uncle Clay."

"Hi!" Frida waved.

Clay recomposed himself. New friends, perfect. He plastered this wide grin on his face and put his hands on his hips. "Welcome to the Wayfarer's Inn! I hope you enjoy your stay. You could speak to the Innkeeper, they'll fix you a drink or put you up for a night - as long as you want, really. What're you around here for?"

"To be quite frank, Clay, or Mr. Moore, whichever you prefer... I'd like to talk about my sister. I understand you two were on friendly terms?" She smiles, some amount of pain in her eyes. Her voice cracks, the corners of her lips turn down and quiver for a second. "I miss her. Tia."

"We were friends. Fetch us a table, I'll meet you in a sec after I put things away." Penelope and Frida turn to enter the Inn.

Clay hadn't thought of Tia much since everything. Well, he thought of her every day. He didn't want to, not like that. He just hoped she was doing well, wherever she was, whatever she was doing. He put away his tools, brushed off the dirt from his overalls, and entered the Inn.

---

It was quiet, today. The Inn was mostly empty, save for Penelope and Frida sitting at a table by the window. Clay walked over and sat down opposite them, and fiddled with his hands. What was there to say?

The Innkeeper, a tray in their hands, placed onto the table a jug and two glasses, and one smaller glass with a straw sticking out of it. A carbonated bright red drink, with foam on top. They put down a page with kids word games and colour-within-the-line and coloured crayons in front of Frida, who immediately took to it. She kneeled on the cushioned bench and leaned forward into the paper.

"Tia loved doting on her, you know?" Penelope smiled, wistfully. "She loved kids. Just wasn't in the picture for her."

"She never talked about you guys."

"Sounds a lot like her, doesn't it?"

"Yeah."

"She was always all business and prim and proper.. growing up with her was like living with a little tyrant. Mum and dad had to stop her from bossing me about all the time. I liked her a lot better when she went off to study."

Clay lit up. "Right? When we're dungeon delving she always wants to do things the right way, so that we don't get hurt. I do admire that about her - she always knew my strengths and weaknesses. She's really smart like that."

Frida piped up "She liked giving me candy!" Penelope nodded.

"Do you think you knew her well?" Penelope leaned forward, curious. Clay thought about all that he and her had been through, all the times they'd shared, and everything they talked about. And he had to come to the conclusion..

"No.. not really. She didn't like talking about herself, she liked to call herself more a woman of action."

"See, even though I'm her sister, I can't help but feel I didn't know the real her. Not really. And now she's gone." She sighed, deeply. Her breath caught on the intake, and her eyes welled up with tears. "It's just me left now. Me and Frida." Frida stopped drawing for a second, but still had her head down. She was just listening. Clay wasn't too sure how to comfort her. He knew absolutely nothing about her, they'd only met five minutes ago.

"When I miss her, I find something to do." He pointed at his garb - rough-shod overalls and a straw hat. "Mostly, it's the gardening. Do you have anything like that?" He fumbled in his pockets for a hankerchief, only a little bit dirty, and handed it to Penelope. She wiped away some of the errant tears trailing down her cheeks, and sniffled.

"You must miss her a lot, then." She smiled. "I do, too." She looked down at her hands, now crunching the hankerchief into a ball. "I've always had my hands full with this one, but maybe.. I could get back into embroidery..? Tia used to send us some money to get by, but now..."

Clay frowned. This just wouldn't do. "You should stay here, at the Inn. I'm sure the Innkeeper needs an extra pair of hands, and it's always busy. I'll speak to them for you."

"Thank you. You're just like she said you would be." Penelope reached into her skirts, pulling out a letter. "I received this. It's her last letter to me."

---

Dear Penelope,

Do you remember me writing about those undead swarms? We found the source.

I'm not sure if I'll make it out alive, so I need you to know what to do if I'm not around anymore. I'm sure it'll be fine, but this is just in case. I entrusted this letter to a friend of mine for if the worst comes to pass.

Should my body be recovered, return it to my enclave. They will give me my last rites and bury me as is proper for a cleric of the order. Maybe make some relics out of me, who knows.

For whatever adventuring equipment I accrued, I leave it to my good friend Clay Moore to distribute as he sees fit.

Whatever savings I have are to be given to my sister, Penelope.

Penelope, I love you. Tell Frida I love her too. I think of you two every day. I could never tell that to your face, but it's easier in writing, somehow.

If I'm gone, you won't have my income source anymore. My savings will tide you through one or two months, but you'll need to find something else to sustain you.

If you ever need any help, visit the Wayfarer's Inn. You can find the directions on the reverse side. If you can, speak to Clay. He's the kindest, gentlest soul. He'll do right by you, I promise. You can't miss him - he's 8 feet tall, and not furry.

If you are receiving this letter, I'm sorry I failed you.

--- 

"Oh Tia... you never failed us." Clay finished reading the letter and folded it back up.

"Always the responsible one, my sister." Penelope nodded. "To tell you the truth, that one or two months did end up passing. Me and the kid had nowhere else to turn. Thank you, Clay. For being kind."

Clay nodded. "I couldn't be anything else. Just sit right there, I'll have a word with the Innkeeper. I'll be around if you need anything, so just yell, okay?"

"Okay Uncle Clay!" Frida agreed enthusiastically. "Can I have some more paper?" She had turned over the page she was given. It was a drawing of Tia.

---

The Innkeeper vigourously agreed to lodge Penelope and Frida for as long as they needed and to give them work as they saw fit. Initially they resisted the help, but Clay persuaded them that Penelope wouldn't accept being a total charity case.

In time, they became an integral part of the Inn, too.